Yanga Sobetwa and Thato Makape will battle it out in the grand finale of the country's top singing talent show Idols. Who will be the ultimate Idol tonight? Former winners, Paxton Fielies from season 13 and Karabo Mogane from season 11 gave their take on who may walk away with the coveted crown. Paxton on Thato : "He commands people to pay attention when he is on stage, and that attention might have gained him a lot of votes." "It is approaching December time and people are in the mood to dance, he has shown people unknown moves and he has made his mark." "Thato has grown a lot in music and whether he gets crowned or not, he has proved himself and might get into the music industry if he keeps the same energy." Paxton on Yanga : "Yanga has a good and deep voice. It relates to the mood of every song she chooses." "She is not just a great vocalist, she loves South African music and her voice comes out better." "I've met her some time ago and she is a sweet person, very humble. This will make her connect better with her fans. But she doesn't take this to stage, she relates to the song and ensures that the message gets delivered." Karabo on Thato : "He has shown that he is ready for whatever the results might be tonight. He has shown that he is not only competing for the Idols prize but beyond the competition. His energy will land him there." "Unlike no other in the competition, he has always had a different song choice. Although they had themes he would choose a song that had a bit of him in it, we realised that he always wanted to dance." "He never tried to be someone he is not, staying true to himself grabbed a lot of attention and that kept him in the contest." Karabo on Yanga : "She has such a great voice! She gives me goosebumps everytime she sings, like she's anointed and she was born to sing." "She sings to heal our hearts from pain. She is not a very good performer but she captures hearts." "It is not about her being the youngest in the competition, I believe she would have still nailed it even at 50." - Catch the Idols finale on Mzansi Magic at 5pm today.