The ANC's elective conference in December that saw Cyril Ramaphosa elected as president ahead of Nkosazana Dlamini- Zuma, is now the subject of a court process due to unpaid debts owed by the party. This comes after one of the service providers, Congress Rental South Africa, filed papers in the South Gauteng High Court in Johannesburg on Wednesday, stating they are owed about R500000 by the ruling party for supplying conferencing equipment for the event which was held at Nasrec Expo Centre. According to court papers, the outstanding amount emanates from equipment such as receivers and headphones which Congress Rental indicates were either stolen or lost by the ANC during the event. Another debt, the papers state, comes from the policy conference which was held from June 30 to July 4 last year at the same venue. According to the agreement signed by the two parties, the ANC, which was represented by one Rachmat Lamera and Nhlanhla Mabaso, accepted quotations from the company to supply conferencing and interpretation equipment for the five-day event. Among the terms agreed to by the ANC was that the party would pay a 50% deposit on the quotations they accepted from the company in relation to the services required. For the policy conference, the ANC asked and accepted a quotation for 1500 receivers and headsets, one interpretation system and five interpretation booths, 10 interpreters desks, five monitors, one digital recording and CDs, four technicians and 15 casual workers. For the entire quotation the ANC, according to the papers, was served with an invoice of R341778.84, and as per the agreement the party paid a 50% deposit of R170889.42. However, the company indicates that the party asked for additional conferencing equipment and labour during the conference, which was not covered by the quotation, to the value of R65728.98. "In addition, on completion of the conference, the defendant failed to return 25 receivers and 25 headsets to the plaintiff. "The plaintiff thereafter prepared a further invoice to the amount of R114570 for the missing receivers and headsets," read the court papers. In another claim, the company revealed that while still struggling to get the party to pay their June debt, they were approached by another ANC staffer, David Senoko, this time to provide conferencing equipment for the December elective conference held between December 16 and 20 2017. According to the invoices and the papers, the ANC accepted an invoice of R460811.94 for various services. It paid a 50% deposit of R230405.97 on December 2 to effect the agreement. However, the papers further indicate that the party failed to fork out the balance of R230405.97 including an additional amount of R44403.00 for staff's overtime pay. As a result of nonpayment with regard to the party's December conference, the company is now demanding a payment of R274808.97. The lawyer for the company, Marques Fontes, said: "The ANC has not paid the money owed as per the papers filed." ANC Spokesman Pule Mabe said the ANC will conduct an investigation on the matter and make sure that the matter is resolved amicably. "We urge the company to come forward and approach our offices so that we can find a solution to this matter."