Nyan'Nyan presenter Luyanda Potwana shocked listeners of a community radio station on Friday when he told them that he was dating Real Goboza presenter Sinazo Yolwa. Potwana was visiting Ngqushwa FM, a community radio station based in Peddie, Eastern Cape to talk about successful relationships that resulted from his reality show on SABC1. While talking about his own private life during the Afternoon Explosion show, he mentioned that he was dating his celebrity home-town girl. However, he told Sunday World yesterday that his announcement was merely a joke, but "I wish it was true". He said he was just being humorous on air and never got an opportunity to tell listeners that he was joking because the newsreader was ready to present news. "Everything I said about dating Sinazo was a joke, we get along so well because she's also from the Eastern Cape. "The whole thing was not serious, I wish I would have been dating Sinazo, I wouldn't even hide her if she was mine." Potwana hails from East London while Yolwa is from Mthatha. Earlier this year, Potwana pulled the same stunt when he took to Twitter and said he was wishing to get married to sultry Live Amp presenter Lerato Kganyago. He recorded a video calling his clan names and said he was having a "Twitter wedding" with Kganyago. "I also never told people that I was joking then, but they knew that I was. I love joking and surely they knew I was joking with this incident too." Although he publicly pulls stunts about dating celebrities, he said he was happily in love with a girl who was not a public figure whom he refused to mention by name. A surprised Yolwa said she preferred keeping her relationships private "until they are fit for public". "I wasn't aware of what Luyanda said but I cannot say anything on the matter. I do not like to discuss my private life. You can go with no comment from me... ," said Yolwa. Ngqushwa FM station manager Lutho Mbeve asked to be called later for comment but could not be reached again later on.