Ajax Cape Town striker Yannick Zakri is accused of being a deadbeat dad by his Pretoria baby mama. According to the 23-year-old Tshwane North College student, Zakri promised her that he would pay for child support once the child was born. Zakri also assured Sunday World in October last year, while he was still playing for Mamelodi Sundowns just as the woman in question exposed him, that he was waiting for the child to be born before he could take action. At the time the expectant mom complained she was the only one paying for her medical bills. The baby girl was born in early February. "This guy does not take me seriously. I tried calling him several times after the baby was born but he never got back to me nor sent a message. Instead, he blocked me from sending him messages and calling him," she said. The baby mama said she had to live with family members because her father, who disapproved of her having a baby out of wedlock, kicked her out. "I now stay with my aunt. I kept quiet for a long time, even when I saw that Zakri's career was booming, because I thought he would stick to his promises to support the child. I'm really struggling, I need him to meet me halfway." She said she was now headed to the court to seek relief on behalf of their child. "I have decided to take him to the Pretoria Magistrate's Court because I don't know where he lives. I will be using the Ajax Cape Town address to provide to the court so that they can send him summons." The mother of his child said she had initially been willing to settle the matter out of court. "He is taking me for some dumb bimbo, like the ones he is used to running around with. I preferred we came up with an arrangement out of court but now he is not being serious, so I'm left with no choice but to go to court," she said. Ajax Cape Town spokesman Shooz Mekuto said the club was not aware of Zakri's newborn child. "We are not aware as the matter was not brought to us. Also, we don't discuss our players' personal lives," said Mekuto. Sunday World called and sent WhatsApp messages and SMSes to Zakri but he did not respond. "He is the one who said I must keep the child and now he is not keeping his end of the deal," the baby mama added.