Founder and owner of GlobeScope Security Solutions Glynn Mashonga is driven by her ambition to disrupt the male-dominated security industry in South Africa. Her business provides high-end technology solutions for corporate, government and residential clients. She specialises in security and surveillance, such as fingerprint access systems, CCTV cameras, alarms, intercoms and guard systems for personal computers. With no prospects of her being promoted or becoming a shareholder at her previous workplace, a Joburg-based security company, she decided to go it alone. Mashonga, 44, acknowledges that she had reached the ceiling after being employed at the company from 2005 to 2009. That downside spurred Mashonga to start her own business in 2012. "I was running the business for them. The bosses used to leave everything in my capable hands. At times I would still be at work at midnight, attending to call-ups for security guards to attend to emergencies. "I loved the job but the rewards were less than satisfactory. It was a huge learning curve as I'm now applying the same work ethic in my business," she said. Mashonga has been running the Cape-Town based company for the past six years, creating 15 permanent jobs in the process. The company is growing fast - Mashonga is now expanding into tracking, providing tracking solutions for assets, children and pets. And, last month, she opened a branch in Joburg. "At first clients and banks were sceptical about the quality of work I could deliver. But over the years they have learnt to trust me to deliver quality security," Mashonga said. She has come to terms with the fact that she constantly has to prove herself. "I can handle it. I'm used to the remarks ... I would go senile if I took every comment to heart," she says. She has some wise and inspiring words for up-and-coming entrepreneurs. "Not all of us ... come from rich families who have left us money to start our business. Become a skillful negotiator and know what you are getting yourself into when signing contracts. Sell your business positively and prove that you are an expert in your field." Mashonga is a recipient of the SAB Lerumo programme, targeted at black woman-owned companies.