As we head in to this winter's coldest days, it's important to maintain a great immune system and finish this unforgiving season strong. Many of us will have spent this past week in the cold, doing our bit for Mandela Day, so an immune- boosting soup to help fight any cold and flu symptoms is ideal. This green immune-boosting soup is a great immune booster because it contains chicken stock, known to ease fever, and spinach, which is high in Vitamin C and antioxidants to help fight infections. Added moringa powder is considered a "super food" that promotes a healthy immune system and ginger and garlic fights infections as well as inflammation. Turmeric, pepper and cayenne are also powerful anti-inflammatories and promote sweating. All these ingredients can also be blended to make a shake instead. 6 cups baby spinach 1 onion 4 sprigs thyme 2 teaspoons minced garlic 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, minced 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper 1/4 teaspoon ground turmeric 1/4 teaspoon moringa powder (optional) 1 1/2 cup chicken stock 1/2 cup coconut milk Salt and pepper to taste Broccoli to garnish, steamed Sesame or Chia seeds Pumpkin seeds Fry onion, thyme and garlic till soft on medium heat. Add cayenne pepper and turmeric and combine till onions are coated in spices. Add spinach, ginger and chicken stock and cover to cook till spinach is cooked and wilted. Remove from heat and blend till smooth. Add moringa powder (optional). Return to pot and season with salt and pepper. Heat to serve. Garnish with coconut milk, seeds and broccoli. Enjoy! Probiotics are live bacteria and yeasts that are good for you, and promote the good health of your digestive system. They are often called good bacteria and are found in yogurt and pickled foods. You can even make your own at home. 1 fresh cabbage, cored and shredded. Reserve a couple of the large outer leaves to use later. 3 tablespoons salt 2 sterilised glass jars with lids Place the shredded cabbage in a huge bowl and sprinkle with salt. Use a masher to mix the salt and cabbage to soften it up and release some of the water from it. Let it sit for about an hour. Place a plate directly on top of the cabbage and something heavy on the plate to weigh it down and release the water faster. Pack it into the jars and push then. fold the extra cabbage leaf and place on top of the cabbage. This will push your cabbage down so it remains in the liquid to ferment. Put the cover on the jar and wait. After a day or two, open the jar and let the gas out. There will be bubbles and a fizzing action to indicate fermentation. *You can contact The Lazy Makoti on info@thelazymakoti.com or follow on Twitter @thelazymakoti