Last week we celebrated World Chocolate Day, and to commemorate the day, I'm sharing delicious chocolate recipes that are as easy as A, B, C. Chocolate and berry cake Heat oven to 180°C. Grease three round cake tins and line the bottom of each with a round baking paper. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, castor sugar, cocoa powder, brown sugar, baking soda and salt. In a small saucepan, combine the butter and a cup of water and bring to a boil. Add to the flour mixture and, using an electric mixer, mix until combined. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then the sour cream and vanilla. Divide the mixture equally between the three cake tins, Bake until a toothpick inserted in the centre of each cake comes out clean, 35 to 45 minutes. Cool in the pans for 20 minutes, then turn out onto a rack to cool completely. For the cream and topping Pour cream in a mixing bowl. Beat for 30 seconds with a mixer until thickened and not runny. Then add vanilla, castor sugar and mix until creamy and smooth - about 1 minute. Now to assemble cake. Lay down one cake bottom side up on a serving plate or cake stand. Spread on a layer of the cream and top with second cake, also bottom side up. Frost with another layer of whipped cream. Carefully top with remaining cake (also bottom side up) and frost the top generously with remaining cream. Top with berries and serve immediately. Trend : Vegan chocolate (no animal products) I really love that there are now alternatives to accommodate all dietary preferences. Vegan chocolate is a great substitute for normal milk chocolate. Rice milk is often used to substitute the dairy. Unlike dark chocolate, which can be bitter, rice milk often results in a creamy, milk-like taste that very closely resembles real chocolate. This is also great for those who are lactose intolerant so that they can enjoy everything we love about chocolate. Here's an easy vegan chocolate pudding recipe to try. Blend all the ingredients in a food processor or a blender until smooth. You can reach The Lazy Makoti on e-mail at info@thelazymakoti.com or follow her on Instagram at @thelazymakoti