Hell hath no fury like Nicole Nyaba. The model fuelled speculation this week that she was indeed dating rapper AKA, whose real name is Kiernan Forbes. But after realising that he and his baby mama DJ Zinhle may kiss and make up, she unleashed a series of angry posts on Instagram that, in turn, set Twitter on fire. First she posted a picture of herself in a bedroom with AKA's framed pictures plastered on a wall behind her. The rapper had previously posted a picture of himself with the same background. Her caption read: "You gon need a mean blanket." But some fans believe that it's much of PR at play as the two are said to be shooting a music video together. This comes after DJ Zinhle, whose real name is Ntombezinhle Jiyane, was interviewed on East Coast Radio recently. Zinhle was asked if she would consider taking the rapper back after he cheated on her with Bonang Matheba. She vaguely replied that she still needs to figure out the whole love thing again but that she had forgiven both AKA and Bonang. Rumours of Nyaba and the rapper sharing sheets emerged right after AKA's break-up with Bonang. But Nyaba initially denied being involved with the rapper. However, this week her Instagram posts sang a different tune. She angrily wrote: "Just got my sh*t, will miss the helper." This was followed by: "Left some closet space and parking for your baby momma ... oh a thong for you to sniff," insinuating that the rapper and DJ Zinhle have rekindled their flame for Zinhle to move back into his house. She also posted a video of herself wearing an AKA sweater while rapping - with a note that read: "Y'all want t-shirts sent them all back tho!" It's no coincidence since Zinhle also posted on Instagram of herself donning a T-shirt bearing her baby daddy and daughter on her chest. It's believed the T-shirt is part of his new collection. In a contradictory post, she captioned her twerk pose picture with a sexually loaded and provocative statement that said: "His head game is so good." An attempt to get the rapper's comment on the matter drew a blank. DJ Zinhle referred us to her PR people before angrily lashing out at this reporter: "Do not call me again, I never gave you my number, don't ever call me again." Nyaba failed to respond to questions e-mailed to her.