Hot property striker Percy Tau's R70-million valuation by Mamelodi Sundowns has raised eyebrows. The player's manager Mmatsatsi Sefalafala confirmed last week that English Premiership side Brighton & Hove Albion are willing to part with £2,5m (R44-million) for the reigning PSL footballer of the season, probably subject to a work permit approval. Sundowns, however, are demanding £4-million (R70-million), which begs the question; how did the Tshwane side arrive at the staggering price? Sunday World went in search of answers and spoke to a few football agents, who shared some ideas relating to transfer fees. Ultimately, the final decision rests with the club where the player belongs, but agents are important role players considering they represent the players. "There are a number of factors to consider [in determining a transfer fee]," player agent Jazzman Mahlakgane told us. "The way I work is that footballers belong in different categories; A, B or C. The players in category A will be Itu [Itumeleng Khune], Siphiwe Tshabalala and so on. "You'll then start factoring other elements, such as, whether they have played in Afcon [Africa Cup of Nations], World Cup and other international tournaments," said the Professionalz agency boss. His stable is home to talent such as Themba Zwane (Mamelodi Sundowns), Teko Modise (Cape Town City), Tshabalala, Siphelele Ntshangase (both Kaizer Chiefs), Happy Jele (Orlando Pirates) and Siphesihle Ndlovu (Maritzburg United). "But deals never happen sometimes because somebody may come and say a certain player is worth R200000, and when they ask, 'how?' and you can't tell us," Mahlakgane said. In a report carried by the Guardian newspaper in the UK a few years ago, it was noted that one of the most important factors is age, the peak being around 25 years for most players. Speaking off the record, another local agent suggested that Sundowns should consider what they have spent on Tau since he joined their academy in 2012. Tau has reportedly absconded from Sundowns' pre-season camp in Rustenburg. He's not the first Sundowns player to have transfer issues with the club. Before leaving for French side Montpellier, Keagan Dolly questioned his buyout clause, which he claimed had been altered, but eventually made his move 18 months ago. DID YOU KNOW? Back in the '80s, Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane was SA's most expensive footballer when Sundowns paid Jomo Cosmos R60000 for him. At the time, the Brazilians were owned by the flamboyant Zola Mahobe, who once took Sundowns players and their partners to an all-expenses paid trip to the FA Cup final in London.