The flagrant disregard of boxing rules and regulations by boxing promoters in Gauteng will come to a screeching end, warns the newly-appointed executive of the Gauteng Boxing Promoters Association. Tshele Kometsi was elected chairman with Andre Thysse as his deputy of the new structure. Shereen Hunter is secretary and Coleen McAusland was picked as the treasurer. They were elected two weeks ago and the executive held its first meeting last week. The cancellation of tournaments and the surplus requirements of promoters (promoters who are not active) in Gauteng received more attention during their meeting. Kometsi said they will have their first interaction with Boxing South Africa (BSA) to discuss the implementation of boxing rules and regulations. "If a promoter cancels or postpones their tournament, the association will consider rescuing it to protect its image, BSA and boxers who are always on the receiving end," said Kometsi, adding that they also took a decision that promoters must cease to advertise tournaments on social media when 10% of the purse money had not been deposited with BSA. "If a promoter decides to go ahead and advertise a tournament when 10% purse money is not with BSA, the association will make sure that trainers, managers and boxers know about it. "On the postponement and cancellation of tournaments, boxers are still entitled to the 10% and to not be kicked out of that bill as it has become the norm. It is high time that we protect both the integrity of the association, boxers and BSA." He added that the association was willing to work with promoters when they encounter problems regarding sponsorship and purse money. "We know and understand that promoters are not deliberately cancelling or postponing tournaments because they would have spent a lot of money in preparation for a tournament. "We intend to make sure that Gauteng works in tandem with BSA, but where we differ with BSA we will engage robustly so. We took a decision that none of our members will be found disregarding BSA rules; using abusive language against any licensee on social media." Thysse sounded a warning bell to BSA. "If they enforces rules and regulations then they must follow those themselves. The problem is they do not care about the regulations from their side and they are not protecting boxers." Hunter said: "The first step starts with promoters regarding compliance and diligence. It is stuff that we all complain about. One of the biggest challenges is cancellation of tournament. "We need to protect the rights of the boxers. We also discussed having a workshop every year with all stakeholders so that they understand the rules."