Croatia's president Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic is so hot she has taken the attention off the boys who made it to the World Cup final on Sunday. She is often mistaken for famous US pornstar and actress Diamond Foxxx or Coco Austin, the curvaceous wife of actor and rapper Ice-T. Although the bikini pics that went viral a few years ago and resurfaced this week were not hers but Coco's, she did once make a man's pants drop. It was widely reported in 2015 how a human rights activist was left red-faced after his trousers fell down as he was receiving an important award from her. Her lively spirit was first captured at the quarterfinals match where her country beat the Russians. She wasted no time in shaking her touché to an unamused Russian Prime Minister Dimitry Medvedev. This was followed by her celebrating with the team - scantily clad in their dressing room after the victory - by hugging the young sportsmen who also won 2-1 against England on Wednesday. Today Croatia take on the French in their first-ever final of a World Cup. We will not be surprised if 40-year-old French President Manuel Macron, who likes being a "Ben 10", checks her out. His wife, who was his high school teacher, is 65-year-old Brigitte Macron. Grabar-Kitarovic is clearly big on sport as her 17-year-old daughter Katarina is a national junior figure skater champion. Clad in a snug Croatian jersey, she was spotted taking an ordinary flight to support her national team and opted not to sit with dignitaries in the VIP section at some of the games, as she didn't want to be seen as sturdy in fancy "uncomfortable" clothing. Kolinda is stylish off the field too. She loves the colour red - which is Croatia's national colour - and oozes confidence. International stylists say she is a woman of elegant style. Other than red, she also wears plenty of black and white ensembles. Classic suits and coats, which hug her figure seductively, are among her favourites. Aseema Kazi, director and stylist for image consultancy The Style Factor, says Kolinda certainly has been turning heads with her curvaceous physique. "Apart from being a smart politician and a sports fan, Kolinda is also making headlines for her fashion and boldness in flaunting her body. 10/10 for her sleek blonde locks always tamed into a French bun - she seems to effortlessly wear this look day into night, parliament through to the beach. "I would also recommend an angled bob that would be quite flattering to her strong jawline. "She remains patriotic, echoing the colours of her country's flag onto her clothing and I would recommend also experimenting with slightly darker shades of red as well as whites, creams and champagne to soften the look. "Kolinda, specifically, has a passion for knitwear and has collaborated with luxury knitwear designer Mihaela Markovic. Ever since this power collab was formed, Kolinda can be seen setting many knitwear trends within the fashion industry," says Kazi. The mother of two and wife to Jakov Kitarovic was voted in as the country's first female president in 2015. When asked what it was like being the country's first female president, she said she had to work harder than men and had often been subjected to misogyny. "I am not a feminist. I am a person who just wants to see equality, equal treatment for everyone ..." She speaks eight languages, including Portuguese and Italian, and is a staunch Roman Catholic who also supports that women be allowed to have abortions legally and safely. Before her presidency, she was Croatia's ambassador to the US and the assistant secretary-general of Nato.