Lindani‚ who plays the role of Lincoln Sibeko on popular SABC 3 soapie Isidingo has been in the public eye for decades but hardly ever gives interviews. He agreed to chat to TshisaLIVE recently and almost immediately dispelled stereotypes he claims people might have about him as a celebrity. "I am not a celebrity. I don't see myself as one. I am not a public person. I stay away from public events. I can go to movies. I can go to the theatre but I am not worried about being seen in public. People may think that I want to be out there as a celebrity but I don't. I am very private and like to spend time with my family." He is similarly coy about being put into the box of legendary actors after his stellar career that has seen him act in some of the biggest shows to ever air on Mzansi TV screens‚ including Generations‚ Soul City‚ Yizo Yizo and Zero Tolerance. "If you want to put me in that category‚ I urge you not to. Look at other people‚ not me. I think I lack a bit of confidence when it comes to my outlook on performances. I don't see myself as a star. I don't see myself as the best. I am able to deliver but if you think I am better than other people‚ I am not." Watch Lindani in action below He said because of this constant struggle with self-evaluation he was not worried about the drama of the industry. "I don't listen to what is being said or what issues there are because I am too focused on my own acting. Even after so many years‚ I still go to work with the sense of Í have to do this right.' I don't want to miss a step. I don't go with an arrogance that says I have gone there and done that. I care about it too much." Lindani says his biggest battle to date has been the one within. "I am very hard on myself. To the point that I would rather not take part in things I am scared of or feel comfortable doing. Also‚ if I feel like I will fall short. I get wary of making mistakes. That is the nervousness that comes in‚ even after all these years that stays with me. I go with it everywhere. When I overcome it‚ somehow magic happens."